e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.net.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
e:\tomi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
